so we are going to speak to the now
infamous jackie weaver and here's why
she's been trending on twitter
this meeting has not been called
according to the law
the law has been broken we have been
properly with you please let the ch
this you disrupt this meeting
i will have to remove you from it you
can't
you have no authority here jackie weaver
no authority
at all no she's coming don't don't she
kicks him out don't they now elect
a chairman no they can't because the
vice chair's here
i take charge read the standing orders
read them and understand them
could i ask you
shall we elect an alternative chairman
oh yeah
yeah i'm just in a meeting at the moment
can i give you a call back when it
finishes
okay all right thank you roger yes we
will be
i'm afraid there's no way of stopping
him calling himself clark
please refer to me as britney spears
from now on
someone in the breweton household sat
there like a laughing hyena
just blood it's a zoo meeting
oh my goodness the joy that those clips
have brought it is
just utterly brilliant and we're
delighted to say
the jackie weaver joins us now much in
demand jackie i know at the moment
but i can see that even though you must
have now heard it many many times you're
still laughing along to those clips
um i think that the um the benefit for
me is that i'm now
kind of watching it like you're watching
it rather than being involved in it and
i i guess that i have a different
reaction to it because i'm seeing it
from the outside
um and i i mean kind of two points i
mean first of all i
i wouldn't want to disappoint the world
um
by them thinking that if they tuned into
most parish council meetings that that
is what they would experience i've done
this for 25 years
um i i i'd never seen anything like it
so you know in 25 years time you might
see it come round again
most of council meetings are much less
exciting
jackie just so people understand we were
you familiar with any of the characters
we we've now come to be sort of familiar
with did you know any of them in advance
and you all of them in advance um my
my job um is i work for the cheshire
association of local councils
and we provide training advice guidance
for all the town and parish councils in
cheshire which there are over
two to two hundred um
so we've worked with them in the past so
i i knew the individual players
but but i've never quite seen them
interact together in that way
that that's that's for sure well do you
know what
it's the way that not only people in the
uk have enjoyed this moment jackie but
all around the world uh people have i
know
been watching it in in awe and amazement
and the internet has of course responded
brilliantly let's just see some of the
best bits
good evening welcome to she's kicked him
out
she's kicked gary out she's just kicked
her mouth
no don't she's kicked him out don't
you have no authority here jackie weaver
no authority
at all this is a meeting
called by two councillors illegally they
now
elect a chair no they can't because the
vice chair is here
i take charge
[Music]
julie's ipad doing there he wants to
start the meeting
he says this council's not been called
according to the council law
sue just wants respect that's all
respect for jackie weaver
the handful of parish councils on but
where has chairman barry gone
yes there is nothing that the sea shanty
won't touch at the moment and jackie
i've looked online i can see there is
jackie weaver merch
to be bought as well you can get
t-shirts that say
you have no authority jackie weaver you
should be copyrighting some of this
stuff
surely actually i was very grateful for
one of my um
colleagues who said that he was um he
was setting out his own
um t-shirt which has a reverse um bit
bit on the back that says um yes i have
so i think i'll go for that can i just
say i mean it it's absol i mean
you can tell that you know i'm perhaps
no longer 45.
um but it's been so good to be able to
touch such a
um a diverse audience please could i ask
people
to have a look at the national campaign
and the make a change campaign where
we're really trying to get
younger um more and diverse
people involved in parish councils and
if this does something for that
that would be fabulous can i on
um this has to be between us i am
so chuffed that i've been invited to
meet
on the screen and on your back on monday
that has just made my world
ah what a special moment that's going to
be
fancy that anyway yes
jackie weaver for strictly oh yeah you
can see it now can't you
is that on the cards jackie
uh can i just ask one thing jackie is
have things calm down
because i mean we're all laughing about
it and and we're on the outside
but i mean are there people still angry
is it do you know
how how's it sort of settled
um it hasn't settled yet um because
clearly you know
we're in the middle of um you know um
a whirlwind at the moment everybody
involved in the parish council will be
but i just hope um i mean sometimes when
you're in a small parish council
you're a microcosm of the world you just
don't have context
and the um the way people have reacted
to this
i hope gives the the three councillors
some pause
and makes them at least question whether
or not
they have done the right thing here i
mean nobody's looking for an apology
um what we're looking at is is there
somewhere
we could find some common ground where
all
six councils can start to work for the
benefit of handful
which is what they're there for hello
jackie what was that is that someone is
that something going on what's happening
sorry the noise now i'm afraid it was
just email well we know you are
technically adept
jackie we trust you on your computer i
really am impressed with your use of the
eject button good work and the strictly
thing is
that's a tick is it that's that's a
that's uh that's a definitely a possible
is that right have i got that right
oh no just just totally as a passenger
there i just want to look at him
that'll do it see how we didn't
interrupt you
we tried not to anyway we're always
accused of interrupting people tried not
to
did we do okay you absolutely nailed it
there you go jackie says i nailed it yes
i can see that been printed out now
[Music]
see the headlines as they happen and
watch bbc news live in the app and get
the full story with bbc dot co dot uk
forward slash news follow the story for
all the latest with bbc news